Q1.On which Layer Router Works?



1.Transport layer

 
2.Application layer

 
3.Physical layer

 
4.Network layer (correct)

Q2.The core if an optical fiber can be glass or plastic?


1.True (correct)

2.False


Q3.What is Protocol?

Ans.It is a set of rules that determine how data is transmitted between different devices in the same network.

Q4.What is gateway or Router?

Ans A Router is most intelligent network device which is used to connect more than one network .It contains multple broadcaste domain multple collision domain .

Q5.What is the maximum and minimum range of LAN, WAN, and MAN?

Your Answer
LAN : 100 to 1000 mbps (100,1000) range

min=100 mbps

max=1000 mbps

MAN : 10 to 100 mbps (10,100) range

Ethernet speed

min=10 mbps

max=100 mbps


WAN : 20 ,50 to 100 mbps (20,100) range

Ethernet speed

min=20 mbps

max=100 mbps

Q6.When a switch is said to be congested?

Ans.It can be possible that a switch receives packets faster than the shared link can accommodate and stores in its memory.so it ran out from space few packets can be dropped.that the reason is said to be congested 

Q7.Which of the given wireless technologies used in IoT, consumes the least amount of power?
 

1.GSM/CDMA

2.None of the above

3.Bluetooth (correct)

4.Zigbee

Q8.What are the different types of memory in routers?

Ans: Different type of memory in routers:

1.ROM

2.NVRAM

3.RAM

4.FLASH RAM

Q9.What are the different types of static routing?

ans:the different types of static routing :

1.Standard static route.
2.Default static route.
3.Summary static route.
4.Floating static route

Q10.By using a hierarchical addressing network addressing scheme which two benefits we get?

1. Auto-negotiation of media rates

2. Reduces routing table entries

3. Dedicated communications between devices

4. Ease of management and troubleshooting

5. Efficient utilization of MAC addresses

1. 2 and 4 (correct)

 
2. 1 and 3

 
3. 3 and 5

 
4.  4 and 5

Q11.If there are five routers and six networks in the intranet using link-state routing, how many routing tables are there?


1. 11
2. 1
3. 5 (correct)
4. 6

Q12. Differentiate Between User Mode and PrivilegedMode?

Your Answer
User Mode:It is for view some of little configuration of router without the ability to make changes.It consists basic reachability tests, such as ping and traceroute .

Usermode:

Eg: router >command

router>en


Privileged Mode: for allowing administrators to configure cisco device to make changes, view more show commands and debugs as well .

Privileged mode:

Eg: router#command

router# config terminal

router#exit

Q13.What is Sub netting?

Ans: Subnetting is a technique to divide an IP address( IPv4 orIPv6 ) block into smaller portions, so fewer IP addresses are wasted.

Q14.Which one of the following routing algorithm can be used for network layer design



1.All of the above mentioned (correct)

 
2.Shortest Path ALgorithm

 
3.Link-state routing

 
4.Distance vector routing

Q15.In Multi-destination routing data is not sent by packets?

1.True (correct)
2.False

Q16.Which of the following assertions is FALSE about the Internet Protocol (IP) 


1.The packet source cannot set the route of outgoing packets; the route is determined only by the routing tables in the routers on the way  (correct)

 
2.It is possible for a computer to have multiple IP addresses

 
3.IP packets from the same source to the same destination can take different routes in the network

 
4.IP ensures that a packet is discarded if it is unable to reach its destination within a given number of hops



Q17.Several computers linked to a server to share programs and storage space.
 	
A. Library
B. Network (correct)
C. Grouping
D. Integrated system

Q18.A term related sending data to a satellite is?
 	
A. Downlink
B. Modulate
C. Demodulate
D. Uplink (correct)

Q19.The common name for a modulator-demodulator is
 	
A. Modem (correct)
B. Joiner
C. Networker
D. Connector


Q20.Which of the following device is used to connect two systems, especially if the systems use different protocols?
 	
A. Repeater
B. Gateway (correct)
C. Bridge
D. Hub

Q21.The Internet is
 	
A. A communication system for some states of India
B. A communication system for the Indian government
C. An internal communication system for a business
D. A large network of networks (correct)

Q22. A distributed network configuration in which all data/information pass through a central computer is
 	
A. Bus network
B. Star network (correct)
C. Ring network
D. Point-to-point network

Q23.Which of the following communications modes support two-way traffic but in only one direction of a time?
 	
A. Simplex
B. Half-duplex (correct)
C. Three-quarters duplex
D. Full duplex

Q24.The slowest transmission speeds are those of
 	
A. Coaxial cable
B. Twisted-pair wire (correct)
C. Fiber-optic cable
D. Microwaves

Q25.A modem is connected to
 	
A. A telephone line (correct)
B. A keyboard
C. A printer
D. A monitor

Q26.A popular way to learn about computers without ever going to a classroom is called
 	
A. E-learning (correct)
B. Star network
C. I-learning
D. Close learning

Q27.The collection of links throughout the Internet creates an interconnected network called the
 	
A. WWW
B. Web
C. Wide Area Web
D. All of the above (correct)

Q28.Networks are monitored by security personnel and supervised by _____ who set(s) up accounts and passwords for authorized network users.
 	
A. IT managers
B. The government
C. Password administrators
D. Network administrators

Q29.P2P is a _____ application architecture.
 	
A. Client/server
B. Distributed (correct)
C. Centralized
D. 1-tier

Q30.Codec refers to
 	
A. Coder-decoder (correct)
B. Co-declaration
C. Command declaration
D. Command decoding

Q31._______ is the most important/powerful computer in a typical network.
 	
A. Desktop
B. Network server (correct)
C. Network client
D. Network switch

Q32.A MODEM is connected in between a telephone line and a
 	
A. Computer (correct)
B. Communication Adapter
C. Serial Port
D. Network

Q33.Computers that control processes accept data in a continuous
 	
A. Data traffic pattern
B. Data highway
C. Infinite loop (correct)
D. Feedback loop

Q34.A device that connects to a network without the use of cables is said to be
 	
A. Distributed
B. Centralized
C. Wireless (correct)
D. Open source

Q35.What is a modem connected to?
 	
A. Phone line (correct)
B. Processor
C. Printer
D. Motherboard

Q36.What device separates a single network into two segments but lets the two segments appear as one to higher protocols?
 	
A. Switch
B. Router
C. Bridge (correct)
D. Gateway

Q37.What is a benefit of networking your computer with other computers?
 	
A. Increase in the computer's speed
B. Sharing of cables to cut down on expenses and clutter
C. Sharing of resources to cut down on the amount of equipment needed (correct)
D. Increase in the speed of the network

Q38.Which of the following is required to communicate between two computers?
 	
A. Communications software
B. Protocol
C. Communications hardware
D. All of the above (correct)

Q39.Which of the following is not a disadvantage of wireless LAN?
 	
A. Slower data transmission
B. Higher error rate
C. Interference of transmissions from different computers
D. All of the above (correct)

Q40.Bluetooth is an example of
 	
A. Personal area network (correct)
B. Local area network
C. Virtual private network
D. Wide area network

Q41.The connection between your computer at home and your local ISP is called _____
 	
A. The last mile
B. The home stretch
C. The home page (correct)
D. The backbone

Q42.A ____ is a set of rules.
 	
A. Resource locator
B. Protocol (correct)
C. Domain
D. URL

Q43.A ____ typically connects personal computers within a very limited geographical area, usually within a single building.
 	
A. LAN (correct)
B. WAN
C. MAN
D. TAN

Q44. Officer LANs that are spread geographically apart on a large scale can be connected using a corporate
 	
A. LAN
B. WAN (correct)
C. MAN
D. CAN


Q45.Which device is used to access your computer by other computer or for talk over phone?
 	
A. RAM
B. Modem (correct)
C. CD ROM Drive
D. Hard disk

Q46.A device which can be connected to a network without using cable is called
 	
A. Centralized device
B. Distributed device
C. Wireless device (corrects)
D. Open-source device

Q47.Frames from one LAN can be transmitted to another LAN via the device
 	
A. Router
B. Bridge (correct)
C. Repeater
D. Modem

Q48.Which of the following types of channels moves data relatively slowly?
 	
A. Wideband channel
B. Voiceband channel
C. Broadband channel
D. Narrowband channel (correct)

Q49.he vast network of computers that connects millions of people all over the world is called
 	
A. LAN
B. Web
C. Hybertext
D. Internet (correct)

Q50.Which of the following terms is just the collection of networks that can be joined together?
 	
A. Virtual private network
B. Intranet (correct)
C. Extranet
D. LAN

Q51.To connect networks of similar protocols ______ are used.
 	
A. Routers
B. Bridges (correct)
C. Gateways
D. Dial-up routers

Q52.Telnet is a ______ based computer protocol.
 	
A. Sound
B. Text (correct)
C. Image
D. Animation

Q53.Computers connected to a LAN (local area network) can
 	
A. Run faster
B. Go on line
C. E–mail
D. Share information and/or share peripheral equipment (correct)

Q54.Computer and communication technology, such as communication links to the Internet, that provide help and understanding to the end user is known as
 	
A. Presentation file
B. Information technology
C. Worksheet file
D. FTP (correct)

Q55._______ is a technique that is used to send more than one call over a single line.
 	
A. Digital transmission
B. Infrared transmission
C. Digitizing
D. Multiplexing (correct)

Q56.A collection of computers and devices connected together via communication devices and transmission media is called a
 	
A. Workgroup
B. Server
C. Mainframe
D. Network correct)